Add schedule&runtime tutorial doc (#499)
open-mmlab/mmclassification: docs/tutorials/schedule.md

        warmup_ratio=0.1,
        warmup_by_epoch=True)
    ```

## Customize momentum schedules

We support momentum scheduler to modify model's momentum according to learning rate, which could make the model converge in a faster way.
Momentum scheduler is usually used with LR scheduler, for example, the following config is used  to accelerate convergence.
For more details, please refer to the implementation of [CyclicLrUpdater](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/f48241a65aebfe07db122e9db320c31b685dc674/mmcv/runner/hooks/lr_updater.py#L327)
and [CyclicMomentumUpdater](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/f48241a65aebfe07db122e9db320c31b685dc674/mmcv/runner/hooks/momentum_updater.py#L130).

```python
lr_config = dict(
    policy='cyclic',
    target_ratio=(10, 1e-4),
    cyclic_times=1,
    step_ratio_up=0.4,
)
momentum_config = dict(
    policy='cyclic',
    target_ratio=(0.85 / 0.95, 1),
    cyclic_times=1,
    step_ratio_up=0.4,
)
```

**After completing your configuration file，you could use [learning rate visualization tool](https://mmclassification.readthedocs.io/zh_CN/latest/tools/visualization.html#id3) to draw the corresponding learning rate adjustment curve.**

> ## Use multiple learning rates and weight_decays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parameter-wise finely configuration
```

Some models may have some parameter-specific settings for optimization, for example, no weight decay to the BatchNorm layer or using different learning rates for different network layers.
MMClassification provides `paramwise_cfg` for configuration, please refer to [MMCV](https://mmcv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_modules/mmcv/runner/optimizer/default_constructor.html#DefaultOptimizerConstructor).

- Using specified options

>     MMClassification provides options including `bias_lr_mult`, `bias_decay_mult`, `norm_decay_mult`, `dwconv_decay_mult`, `dcn_offset_lr_mult` and `bypass_duplicate` to specify all relevant `bais`, `conv and`, `dw bypass` parameter. E.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `DefaultOptimizerConstructor` provides options including `bias_lr_mult`, `bias_decay_mult`, `norm_decay_mult`, `dwconv_decay_mult`, `dcn_offset_lr_mult` and `bypass_duplicate` to configure special optimizer behaviors of bias, normalization, depth-wise convolution, deformable convolution and duplicated parameter. E.g:
```

    for example:

    1. No weight decay for specific parameters

    ```python
    paramwise_cfg = dict(
        custom_keys={
            '.backbone.cls_token': dict(decay_mult=0.0),
            '.backbone.pos_embed': dict(decay_mult=0.0)
        })
    ```

    2. Using a smaller learning rate and aweight decay for the backbone layers

    ```python
    paramwise_cfg = dict(custom_keys={'.backbone': dict(lr_mult=0.1, decay_mult=0.9)})s
    # backbone 的 'lr' and 'weight_decay' 分别为 0.1 * lr 和 0.9 * weight_decay
    ```

## Gradient clipping and gradient accumulation

Based on the PyTorch basic optimizer, MMCV enhances the optimizer's functions, such as gradient clipping, gradient accumulation, etc., refer to [MMCV](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/master/mmcv/runner/hooks/optimizer.py).

### Gradient clipping

During the training process, abnormal points may cause some model gradients to explode. Gradient clipping needs to be used to stabilize the training process.
Currently `clip_grad_norm_` is supported, please refer to [PyTorch Documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_norm_.html).
Examples are as follows:

```python

> optimizer_config = dict(grad_clip=dict(max_norm=35, norm_type=2))

Reviewer: Add a comment about `norm_type`, since it's not self-explanatory.

```

When the optimizer hook type is not specified, `OptimizerHook` is used by default, and the above is equivalent to:

```python

> optimizer_config = dict(type="OptimizerHook", grad_clip=dict(max_norm=35, norm_type=2))

Reviewer: This section is not relative to gradient clipping, move it to "Gradient accumulation"

```

### Gradient accumulation

> When computing resources are lacking, BatchSize can only be set to a small value, which affects the effect of the resulting model. Gradient accumulation can be used to circumvent this problem.

Reviewer: `BatchSize`? Strange uppercase.

Examples are as follows:

- ConsineAnnealing schedule:

    ```python
    lr_config = dict(
        policy='CosineAnnealing',
        warmup='linear',
        warmup_iters=1000,
        warmup_ratio=1.0 / 10,
        min_lr_ratio=1e-5)
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Forget to replace the example?
